Add devcontainer (#48)
ferrous-systems/espressif-trainings: README.md

VS Code extension and settings. For more information on how to use it, refer to
[esp-rs-devcontainer](https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer).
> If using Podman, follow along the [Podman setup section](https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer#optional-podman).

Developing in an online dev enviroment is also available with [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io/):

[![Open in Gitpod](https://gitpod.io/button/open-in-gitpod.svg)](https://gitpod.io/github.com/SergioGasquez/espressif-trainings/tree/main)

When using an online Gitpod enviroment, flashing and monitoring can be done
with online tools, for more information have a look at [Flash](https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer#adafruit-esptool)
and [Monitor](https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer#online-serial-monitor)
sections of [esp-rs-devcontainer](https://github.com/SergioGasquez/esp-rs-devcontainer) repository.

### Wokwi Simulator
The devcontainer includes the option of simulating the exercises with [Wokwi](https://wokwi.com/).
In order to build and run a Wokwi simulation, the task `Build current project and run Wokwi simulation` 

> can be used, it must be invoked with the `main.rs` of the project we want to 

Reviewer: It took me a few minutes to understand how this mechanism works in VS Code. What do you think of?

```suggestion
In order to run a Wokwi simulation, the task `Build current project and run Wokwi simulation` defined in `.vscode/tasks.json` can be used.  For this open the `main.rs` file of your project you would like to compile & run. Please ensure the file is in focus in VS Code.
```

focused in VS Code. The task will generate a binary file for the application and 

> run Wokwi simulation, this task can also be run with `Ctrl-Shift-B` or `Cmd-Shift-B`.

Reviewer: The alternative is to open the command palette using `Ctrl-Shift-P` to execute the "Tasks: Run Build Task" or via "Terminal -> Run Task" menu.
